28/06/2011
This is my first text in what is to become some sort of a blog... 

The aim is to discuss several things, from relations between people (most likely the most common subject) to any 
other interesting subject. Only time will tell.

It can be in english or in French, depending on my mood. It happens that this first text is in English because 
that's the language that came to me right now.

30/06/2001
I've been thinking about several things lately, but I cannot remember them all. Therefore, I'll try to write down as many 
things as I can. 

The most important is the discovry of the fact that my brain's wireing is not "normal". This is a particularity of highly 
sensitive people. It means several things: the first is that I tend to analyse more deeply all the info I get.
The second thing is that I have a much more developed imagination. I always knew I had a good imagination, but I had not 
realized that I was analysing everything more than "normal" people. Then I realized that I should use those faculties
and combine them to have deep thoughts about anything. Anything can be relations with people, Art, cinema (even if that 
is some sort of Art), litterature, etc. In fact I think anything is worth discussing and analysing. Here is a list of 
topics that are of prime interest for me, and that I shall discuss next:
- tous à Zanzibar form John Brunner: A book I'm currently reading and that I am troubled about
- Sucker punch: crazy movie that is worth discussing
- The highly sensitive person in love: also currently reading
- typography: subject of interest snce a couple of years now, and that I always wanted to discuss
- why do people sometimes want to do some crazy shit

This is really frustrating not to remember thoughts one had at some point about a specific topic.

Those things I want to discuss will be in a later version.

Actually, there might be something worth discussing right now: GIT. It's a versionning tool quite well known now.
It is a distributed version control system to be precise. The most interesting feature I see in it is the fact that 
it allows to work offline, and still commit things, branch, tag, etc. then a push is done, and the things get sychronized
on the web, with all the release history, and stuff. This document is hosted on my GIT repository on github. That way I'm 
sure to get access to it anywhere. One feature I'd like to have is that emacs would stage the file once it's been saved. 
That way I would not have to do it. It already allows to commit directly, and that is good. 

I'm thinking that I should have some structure in my documents, for fast access. Because if I stash everything in the same
directory, I'll face several problems to recover a given information. 
